README.md, before:

<!-- ![Understudy Logo](./understudy_logo_banner.png) -->

[![GitHub Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ForestOfLight/Statistic-Display/total?label=Github%20downloads&logo=github)](https://github.com/ForestOfLight/Statistic-Display/releases/latest)
[![Discord](https://badgen.net/discord/members/9KGche8fxm?icon=discord&label=Discord&list=what)](https://discord.gg/9KGche8fxm)
<!-- [![Curseforge Downloads](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_1093805_downloads.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft-bedrock/addons/understudy) -->

# Statistic Display
This is an addon for Minecraft Bedrock Edition that easily displays statistics on the scoreboard. All statistics are tracked even when not on display and can be displayed with a single command. It is designed to be easy to add new statistics to and only uses one scoreboard objective!

Supported statistics:
- **Player Deaths**
- **Blocks Mined** (including each type of block)
- **Blocks Placed** (including each type of block)
- **Items Used** (including each type of item)
- **Entities Killed** (including each type of entity)
- **Killed By Entity** (including each type of entity)
- **Interacted with Block or Entity** (including each type of block and entity)
- **Highest Xp Level**

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This addon is a **Canopy Extension**, which means **Canopy** must be installed in your world for it to work.

**Canopy** can be downloaded here: https://github.com/ForestOfLight/Canopy

## Usage
All commands are prefixed with `./`. The `./stat` command is disabled until enabled with the `commandStat` rule. Do `./help` for more information.

**Usage: `./stat list`**  
Displays a list of all available statistics.

**Usage: `./stat <statistic>`**  
Displays the specified statistic on the scoreboard.

**Usage: `./stat <statistic/all> reset`**  
Resets the counts for the specified statistic, or all statistics.

**Usage: `./stat hide`**  
Hides the scoreboard.

**Usage: `./stat <statistic> print [player]`**  
Prints the top 15 players for the specified statistic, or for only the specified player.

**Usage: `./stat toggle [total/offline]`**  
Toggles displaying the total count of the statistic, or displaying offline players.

**Usage: `./transferstats`**  
A utility command used to transfer statistics from v1.0.0 of this addon to v1.1.0.

---

### Special Thanks to CommandLeo

For their Java Edition version of the [Statistic Display](https://github.com/CommandLeo/scarpet/wiki/Statistic-Display) (as an scarpet app), which inspired me to create this addon.

Commit message:

update usage for add/remove from carousel & add toolsBroken stat tracker & update README with details

README.md, after:

<!-- ![Understudy Logo](./understudy_logo_banner.png) -->

[![GitHub Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ForestOfLight/Statistic-Display/total?label=Github%20downloads&logo=github)](https://github.com/ForestOfLight/Statistic-Display/releases/latest)
[![Discord](https://badgen.net/discord/members/9KGche8fxm?icon=discord&label=Discord&list=what)](https://discord.gg/9KGche8fxm)
<!-- [![Curseforge Downloads](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_1093805_downloads.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft-bedrock/addons/understudy) -->

# Statistic Display
This is an addon for Minecraft Bedrock Edition that easily displays statistics on the scoreboard. All statistics are tracked even when not on display and can be displayed with a single command. It is designed to be easy to add new statistics to and only uses one scoreboard objective!

Supported statistics:
- **Player Deaths**
- **Highest Xp Level**
- **Blocks Mined** (including each type of block)
- **Blocks Placed** (including each type of block)
- **Tools Broken** (including each type of tool)
- **Items Used** (including each type of item)
- **Entities Killed** (including each type of entity)
- **Killed By Entity** (including each type of entity)
- **Interacted with Block or Entity** (including each type of block and entity)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This addon is a **Canopy Extension**, which means **Canopy** must be installed in your world for it to work.

**Canopy** can be downloaded here: https://github.com/ForestOfLight/Canopy

## Usage
All commands are prefixed with `./`. The `./stat` command is disabled until enabled with the `commandStat` rule. Do `./help` for more information.

**Usage: `./stat list`**  
Displays a list of all available statistics.

**Usage: `./stat <statistic>`**  
Displays the specified statistic on the scoreboard.

**Usage: `./stat <statistic/all> reset`**  
Resets the counts for the specified statistic, or all statistics.

**Usage: `./stat hide`**  
Hides the scoreboard.

**Usage: `./stat <statistic> print [player]`**  
Prints the top 15 players for the specified statistic, or for only the specified player.

**Usage: `./stat carousel <start/stop>`**  
Starts or stops the carousel of statistics.

**Usage: `./stat carousel <add/remove> <statistic>`**  
Adds or removes a statistic from the carousel.

**Usage: `./stat carousel list`**  
Lists all statistics in the carousel.

**Usage: `./stat carousel interval [seconds]`**  
Sets the interval for the carousel to change statistics.

**Usage: `./stat toggle [total/offline]`**  
Toggles displaying the total count of the statistic, or displaying offline players.

**Usage: `./transferstats`**  
A utility command used to transfer statistics from v1.0.0 of this addon to v1.1.0.

---

### Special Thanks to CommandLeo

For their Java Edition version of the [Statistic Display](https://github.com/CommandLeo/scarpet/wiki/Statistic-Display) (as an scarpet app), which inspired me to create this **Canopy** extension addon.
